---
layout: post
title: Genesis
summary: Book of Gus - 6:30 - Time to wake up
---

**In the beginning there was the word and that word was Dog**. We're not sure why it was Dog or where even words came from at the time. For instance, no one spoke in the beginning ... really. Well, it's not what we would call speaking anyways. And for that matter there was no written language, so how could anyone have said this word was the word in written form or otherwise?

Nonetheless, **the word was Dog**. *Sigh* ... or so we've been told. It could have been that others believed there was another word or maybe even other words. Perhaps maybe even no word at all; an interesting thought if ever one was thunk. If the case were that other options did exist, why is it then that this is the word of words that did survive to be mentioned as being the word? Were there more in quantity who did hear this word? Did this word simply resonate with the majority; like a measure of quality? Was there another word that was the word until this word came along and showed why the other word was not as good as this word?

And what happened to those that may not have had any word at all? Where are they? What is their fate? Outsiders looking in? Looking in on what? Does not having a word or words preclude one from being a part of worded universe?

And of the nature of this word or words or even no-words, how was their meaning intended whence conceived or not-conceived? Did one have the word with them or was the word there for one to receive? In the case of no-words, was no word chosen, unchosen, or ilchosen?

*Anyways*, **the word was Dog and the Dog was strong**. Neigh, not strong. The word was a hunter. This Dog did hunt. Have Dog must hunt. Of prey there were many. Of remains there were few. The size of the word doth not shadow the size of the mouth that speak it. All did succumb like krill in the ballooning mouth of an endlessly swimming whale. A whale through a void of people. Dog was a whale of a word.

---

Coming neverly soon: the mitosis of the word.
